ingress: Add CNP example for default deny (#31436)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/servicemesh/default-deny-ingress-policy.rst

.. only:: not (epub or latex or html)

    WARNING: You are looking at unreleased Cilium documentation.
    Please use the official rendered version released here:
    https://docs.cilium.io

.. _gs_default_deny_ingress_policy:

***************************
Default Deny Ingress Policy
***************************

> Let's apply clusterwide network policy to deny all the traffic by default.

Reviewer: I think it would make sense here to refer to the policy as an object, similar to how we do here: https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/network/kubernetes/policy/#ciliumclusterwidenetworkpolicy

```suggestion
Let's apply a `CiliumClusterwideNetworkPolicy` to deny all traffic by default:
```

.. literalinclude:: ../../../examples/kubernetes/servicemesh/policy/default-deny.yaml

.. parsed-literal::

    $ kubectl apply -f \ |SCM_WEB|\/examples/kubernetes/servicemesh/policy/default-deny.yaml

> With this policy applied, the request to ``/details`` endpoint will be denied for external and in-cluster traffic.

Reviewer: RST uses single back-ticks for literals, rather than how markdown does it with double back-ticks. Can we also add a lead-in sentence here, similar to how you did below for internal traffic?

```suggestion
With this policy applied, the request to the `/details` endpoint will be denied for external and in-cluster traffic.

Let's check if external traffic is denied:
```

    * Connected to 172.19.255.194 (172.19.255.194) port 80
    > GET /details/1 HTTP/1.1
    > Host: 172.19.255.194
    > User-Agent: curl/8.6.0
    > Accept: */*
    >
    < HTTP/1.1 403 Forbidden
    < content-length: 15
    < content-type: text/plain
    < date: Sun, 17 Mar 2024 13:52:38 GMT
    < server: envoy
    * The requested URL returned error: 403
    * Closing connection
    curl: (22) The requested URL returned error: 403

    # Capture hubble flows in another terminal
    $ kubectl --namespace=kube-system exec -i -t cilium-xjl4x -- hubble observe -f --identity ingress
    Defaulted container "cilium-agent" out of: cilium-agent, config (init), mount-cgroup (init), apply-sysctl-overwrites (init), mount-bpf-fs (init), wait-for-node-init (init), clean-cilium-state (init), install-cni-binaries (init)
    Mar 17 13:56:00.709: 172.19.0.1:34104 (ingress) -> default/cilium-ingress-basic-ingress:80 (world) http-request DROPPED (HTTP/1.1 GET http://172.19.255.194/details/1)
    Mar 17 13:56:00.709: 172.19.0.1:34104 (ingress) <- default/cilium-ingress-basic-ingress:80 (world) http-response FORWARDED (HTTP/1.1 403 0ms (GET http://172.19.255.194/details/1))

> Let's check if the in-cluster traffic to the same endpoint is being denied:

Reviewer: Wording suggestion:

```suggestion
Now let's check if in-cluster traffic to the same endpoint is denied:
```

.. parsed-literal::

    # The test-application.yaml contains a client pod with curl available
    $ kubectl apply -f \ |SCM_WEB|\/examples/kubernetes/servicemesh/envoy/test-application.yaml
    $ kubectl exec -it deployment/client -- curl -s http://$HTTP_INGRESS/details/1
    Access denied

> 

Reviewer: Is there a paragraph missing here?

Reviewer 2: Yes, I think we should explain what the `allow-ingress-cluster.yaml` file actually does (ie allow traffic from the `ingress` identity to identities inside the cluster.) This might also need some explanation about what the `ingress` identity actually is.
